Update training visualizaition README (#11)
aws-samples/djl-demo: README.md

An example application detects live objects from web camera.

## [Visualizing Training with DJL](visualization/README.md)

> An example application demonstrate tracking and visualizing metrics such as loss and accuracy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An example application featuring a web UI to track and visualize metrics such as loss and accuracy.
```

Author: done
